readme.md, before:

# surabaya on various multi style transfer learning

![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0627/1477/products/Starry_Night_03d43ad7-d879-40ef-8525-5f3c38918acc_grande.jpg?v=1542461422)


original image |  starry night
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/out6.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/Tsunami_by_hokusai_19th_century.jpg)


original image | great wave off
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_wave.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_waveoff.png)


![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/Pierre-Auguste_Renoir_-_Luncheon_of_the_Boating_Party_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)


original image | Luncheon of the Boating Party
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_luncheon.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_luncheon.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/Isaak_Ilitsch_Lewitan_005.jpg)


original image | levitan
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_levitan.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_levitan.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/Camille_Pissarro_-_Boulevard_Montmartre%2C_Spring_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)

original image | montmartre
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_montmartre.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_montmartre.png)


"**insert famous painters name** painted **insert painting with different style**"
![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/Isaac_Levitan_-_Golden_autumn._Slobodka_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg/1600px-Isaac_Levitan_-_Golden_autumn._Slobodka_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)
![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/Claude_Monet_-_The_Water_Lilies_-_Setting_Sun_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)
![](img/painting_on_painting.png)

## training
at initiation, uses a random image perception,
using the bash script, all the pictures were trained 10 times where each layer were configured like this, gradually increasing on `image_size`, and `init_image` based on previous result:


```bash

python3 neural_style.py \
  -content_image examples/inputs/its.jpg\
  -style_image wave_off.jpg\
  -init image -init_image out5.png \
  -style_scale 1.0 \
  -print_iter 10 \
  -style_weight 2500 \
  -image_size 1024 \
  -num_iterations 2000 \
  -output_image out6.png \
  -tv_weight 0 \
  -gpu 0 \
  -backend cudnn

```


## tpu vs gpu
running on `starry_bigger_time.sh`, measured on `time_check.py`
- gpu@colab time: 3045.925956964493 s
- gpu@p5000 time: 971.1943960189819 s



## todo:
- work on some styles:
    - [ ] handwriting
    - [x] maps (tangerang, surabaya)
- [x] make some quasi front end, either flask or telegram bot
## credits
- [original project based on neural algorithm of artistic style pytorch implementation](https://github.com/ProGamerGov/neural-style-pt)
- [a code based on](https://github.com/jcjohnson/neural-style)
- [original paper](http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.06576)

Commit message:

added new gifs, live demo on readme

readme.md, after:

# surabaya on various multi style transfer learning

![](img/5.gif)
original image |  starry night
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/out6.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/Tsunami_by_hokusai_19th_century.jpg)


original image | great wave off
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_wave.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_waveoff.png)


![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/Pierre-Auguste_Renoir_-_Luncheon_of_the_Boating_Party_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)


original image | Luncheon of the Boating Party
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_luncheon.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_luncheon.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/Isaak_Ilitsch_Lewitan_005.jpg)


original image | levitan
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_levitan.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_levitan.png)

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/Camille_Pissarro_-_Boulevard_Montmartre%2C_Spring_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)

original image | montmartre
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://www.its.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Gambar24-1024x683.jpg)  |  ![](img/its_montmartre.png)
![](/img/../examples/inputs/surabaya.jpg)  |  ![](img/surabaya_montmartre.png)


"**insert famous painters name** painted **insert painting with different style**"
![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/Isaac_Levitan_-_Golden_autumn._Slobodka_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg/1600px-Isaac_Levitan_-_Golden_autumn._Slobodka_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)
![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/Claude_Monet_-_The_Water_Lilies_-_Setting_Sun_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)
![](img/painting_on_painting.png)

## training
![](img/random_init.png)
at initiation, uses a randomly init (white noise) image,
using the bash script, content and style pics will be trained 10 times where each layer were configured like the bash script below, gradually increasing on `image_size`, and making the `init_image` based on the output of previous result:


```bash

python3 neural_style.py \
  -content_image examples/inputs/its.jpg\
  -style_image wave_off.jpg\
  -init image -init_image out5.png \
  -style_scale 1.0 \
  -print_iter 10 \
  -style_weight 2500 \
  -image_size 1024 \
  -num_iterations 2000 \
  -output_image out6.png \
  -tv_weight 0 \
  -gpu 0 \
  -backend cudnn

```


## tpu vs gpu
running on `starry_bigger_time.sh`, measured on `time_check.py`
- gpu@colab time: 3045.925956964493 s
- gpu@p5000 time: 971.1943960189819 s

## neural-style-transfer bot
I've created a telegram bot [@neuralstyletransferbot](t.me/neuralstyletransferbot) you can see the live demo here

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fDdpxE2L0x0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDdpxE2L0x0)

## pycon 2019 slide
you can view it [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1c86SwzRcmXntxrEtgKL7GJXfv0XwfStVOHuL5pOGaH8/edit#slide=id.g7445887bf7_0_57)

## credits
- [original project based on neural algorithm of artistic style pytorch implementation](https://github.com/ProGamerGov/neural-style-pt)
- [a code based on](https://github.com/jcjohnson/neural-style)
- [original paper](http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.06576)
